README updates (#1)
HewlettPackard/k8s-sigstore-attestor: README.md

# Sigstore workload attestor for SPIRE

> This repo is a fork of the [SPIRE repository] (hhttps://github.com/spiffe/spire) and enhances Kubernetes worklaod attestor to validate sigstore signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is a fork of the [SPIRE repository](https://github.com/spiffe/spire) and enhances Kubernetes workload attestor to validate sigstore signatures.
```

> The RFC is available [here] (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YVuu7HMHnp8nx3sCPx7R2lCfjjno363s4oiPlI6axF4/edit#heading=h.ttn87ugq19sb) for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RFC is available [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YVuu7HMHnp8nx3sCPx7R2lCfjjno363s4oiPlI6axF4/edit#heading=h.ttn87ugq19sb) for reference.
```
